pages/wiki/war/talents.mdx, before:

# Talents

Talents come from buildings. Talents unlock powerful abilities for players that give them an edge in the game. Below are the talent classes in Duper:

| Talent Class     | Ability                                                                            |
| :--------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Economist        | trade unlocks + 1 extra gold yield per round + ability to host Economic Conference |
| Plane Researcher | Player gets 100 plane blueprint instantly                                          |
| Fort Researcher  | Player gets 100 fort blueprints instantly                                          |

The trade type unlocks for the economist will be covered in more detail in the Trade section below.

A player may dedicate a newly built academy to 1 of 3 talent classes, provided that the player does not already have another academy dedicated to the same talent class. For example, if a player already has 2 academies dedicated to plane researchers and 1 academy dedicated to an economist, the player may only build 1 more academy and can only dedicate it to a fort researcher.

The talent which an academy is dedicated to takes $(2 + \# \text{buildings owned by player})$ rounds to activate. In the above case, the fort researcher would take 5 rounds to activate.

### Economic Conference

A player with an active economist may host an Economic Conference: spending a required combo of cards (pair, flush, straight, and finally three of a kind) to get 7 gold. A player may only host an econ conference four times.

Commit message:

Research Center (#12)
* feat: add fort rules and worms in unit table

* small

* chore: add to readme

* feat: add sample patch notes

* patch 6-7

* econ conference description fix

* spelling mistake

* feat: updates

* research center

---------

Co-authored-by: Yijia-Chen <yijiachenmain@gmail.com>

pages/wiki/war/talents.mdx, after:

# Talents

Talents come from buildings. Talents unlock powerful abilities for players that give them an edge in the game. Below are the talent classes in Duper:

| Talent Class     | Ability                                                                            |
| :--------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Economist        | trade unlocks + 1 extra gold yield per round + ability to host Economic Conference |
| Plane Researcher | Player gets 100 plane blueprint instantly                                          |
| Fort Researcher  | Player gets 100 fort blueprints instantly                                          |

The trade type unlocks for the economist will be covered in more detail in the Trade section below.

A player may dedicate a newly built research center to 1 of 3 talent classes, provided that the player does not already have another research center dedicated to the same talent class. For example, if a player already has 2 academies dedicated to plane researchers and 1 research center dedicated to an economist, the player may only build 1 more research center and can only dedicate it to a fort researcher.

The talent which an research center is dedicated to takes $(2 + \# \text{buildings owned by player})$ rounds to activate. In the above case, the fort researcher would take 5 rounds to activate.

### Economic Conference

A player with an active economist may host an Economic Conference: spending a required combo of cards (pair, flush, straight, and finally three of a kind) to get 5 gold. A player may only host an econ conference four times.
