pages/assets/emblems.mdx, before:

# Emblems

We're revealing four kinds of emblems for players to use in Season IV (see below). Two of them have commander focus, one has cardmaster focus, and one has magician focus. Each emblem class has a highest rarity type which will be NFTs.

Three more mysterious emblems (one for each focus) will be revealed after Season IV, although they will start to be tradable along with the other emblems at the start of the season.

If you purchase an emblem from secondary market, you'll need to spend Sparks to activate it based on its rarity.

- Common: 100 Sparks
- Uncommon: 200 Sparks
- Rare: 400 Sparks
- Legendary: 800 Sparks

## Mechanics

Emblems offer exciting ways for players to increase their entry fee and risk. Depending on different scenarios and strategies, players can use emblems to put up extra entry fees and receive random effects during the game.

The emblem system will add many interesting elements to the game's risk dynamics. The game will remain fair for players who prefer not to put up extra entry fees, as none of the special effects from emblems can directly determine the game outcome. Emblem users bear additional risk for these effects.

We're introducing four types of emblems (seven different ones considering rarity) for testing in season II. All emblems will be available to you if you have a season II pass.

| Emblem Name       | \# Rarity | Focus       | Energy Cost | % Additional Entry Fee Relative to Current Total Entry Fees | Effects |
| :---------------- | :-------- | :---------- | :---------- | :------------------------ | :------ |
| Commander's Rally | Uncommon    | Commander   | 2           | 4%                        | 85% 2 infantry 15% 2 tank    |
|                   | Rare  | Commander   | 4           | 10%                       | 50% 5 infantry 50% 2 tank + 1 guaranteed gold  |
| Heart of Gold     | Common  | Commander   | 2           | 4%                        | 75% 2 gold 15% 3 gold 10% 8 gold       |
|                   | Uncommon      | Commander   | 4           | 10%                        | 40% 5 gold 40% 7 gold 20% 12 gold      |
| Destined Draw     | Rare      | Card Master | 2           | 10%                        | 100% 2 random cards cards       |
|                   | Legendary | Card Master | 3           | 20%                        | 50% 3 cards 50% 5 cards (can choose 2 at max)|
| Swift Architect   | Legendary | Wizard      | 2           | 8%                         | 50% chance of completing recent build instantly 50% chance of 6 gold   |

Energy is required for using emblems. Players can have 5 energy at most. Everyone starts with 1 energy that gets refilled every round.

Commit message:

feat: emblems, lootbox, keys update

pages/assets/emblems.mdx, after:

# Emblems

Emblems offer exciting ways for players to increase their risk and potential return. Depending on different scenarios and strategies, players can use emblems to commit extra fees and receive special, somewhat variable bonuses during the game.

The game remains fair for players who prefer not to put up extra entry fees, as none of the special effects from emblems can directly determine the game outcome. Emblem users bear additional risk for these bonuses.

Four Emblem classes have been revealed in [Season IV](../season-4). The highest rarity Emblems of each class, the Limited Edition Emblems, are tradable on secondary markets.
 Three additional Emblems (one with each focus) will be revealed after Season IV, though they are tradable from the beginning.

### In-Game Mechanics

Below are the in-game mechanics of current Emblems. Two have Commander focus, one has Cardmaster focus, and one has Magician focus.

| Emblem Name       | \# Rarity | Focus       | Energy Cost | % Additional Entry Fee Relative to Current Total Entry Fees | Effects |
| :---------------- | :-------- | :---------- | :---------- | :------------------------ | :------ |
| Commander's Rally | Uncommon    | Commander   | 2           | 4%                        | 85% 2 infantry 15% 2 tank    |
|                   | Rare  | Commander   | 4           | 10%                       | 50% 5 infantry 50% 2 tank + 1 guaranteed gold  |
| Heart of Gold     | Common  | Commander   | 2           | 4%                        | 75% 2 gold 15% 3 gold 10% 8 gold       |
|                   | Uncommon      | Commander   | 4           | 10%                        | 40% 5 gold 40% 7 gold 20% 12 gold      |
| Destined Draw     | Rare      | Card Master | 2           | 10%                        | 100% 2 random cards cards       |
|                   | Legendary | Card Master | 3           | 20%                        | 50% 3 cards 50% 5 cards (can choose 2 at max)|
| Swift Architect   | Legendary | Wizard      | 2           | 8%                         | 50% chance of completing recent build instantly 50% chance of 6 gold   |

Energy is the required for using emblems in addition to added entry fees. Players can accumulate up to 5 energy. Everyone starts with 1 energy that gets refilled by 1 every round.

In Ranked games, every time a player uses Emblems, everyone else's energy gets refilled by 1.

### Emblem Merging

If you'd like more high rarity Emblems, one alternative to opening more [Lootboxes](lootboxes) via Gold Keys is to merge some of your existing Emblems.

You can merge any two Emblems for a chance to obtain a higher rarity Emblem or Gold Keys. The risk is, you may also get back an Emblem of the current rarity, or in rare cases, 1 level below. You may also end up with an Emblem of a different class.

For example, merging a Common Emblem with a Rare Emblem has a small chance of yielding a Legendary Emblem, a high chance of yielding a Rare Emblem, and a very small chance of yielding an Uncommon Emblem.

Note that Special Edition Emblems (tradable NFTs) are only acquired from Lootbox opening and not from merging.
