pages/season-1/s1-duper-bowl.mdx, before:

# Season I Duper Bowl

The Duper Bowl is Duper's flagship official tournament series.

The first ever Duper Bowl takes place at the end of Season I. It is a 2-week-long elimination-based tournament with 3 elimination stages and 1 final match. \$50,000+ USD total prize pool for all participants.

[Insert prize pool image]

## Tournament Specs

- Total prize pool: \$50,000+
  - \$40,000+ on the Duper team on final match prize pool and stage bonuses
  - The rest from entry tickets
- Final match prize pool structure
  - Top earner: \$10,000
  - Second earner: \$6,000
  - Winner: \$4,000
  - Note that this final match prize pool increases from eliminations and early exits.
  - Everyone in final match gets a Duper Virtual Bracelet, the first Duper NFT.
- Entry
  - Ticket: \$300
  - At the start of tournament, each competitor starts with the \$300 in their tournament balance.
- Basic rules
  - Total duration: 14 days
  - 2 games per day for every competitor, one at 7:30am PT, one at 9am PT, except break days.
  - Competitors must join each scheduled game window within 10 minutes from the start time; otherwise, it counts as a miss.
  - Matchmaking is predetermined by Duper team to match each competitor with as many opponents as possible. Specific matching is hidden until all games have started in each game window to prevent collusion.
  - Both pre-game bids and in-game raises are no limit, i.e. limited only by the competitor's balance.
  - Everyone who competes in the tournament gets ?????
- Schedule
  1. Commencement
     - Balance per competitor: $300
  2. Stage I: 4 days, 8 games per competitor
     - Ante per game: $100
     - 3 misses max allowed per competitor
     - Target competitor count after stage: 65-80% of starting count
  3. Break I: 1 day
     - Early exit window
     - Balance bonus per competitor from Duper team: $200
  4. Stage II: 3 days, 6 games per competitor
     - Ante per game: $400-700
       - Detailed amount announced after Break I based on remaining competitors’ balance distribution
     - 2 misses max allowed per competitor
     - Target competitor count after stage: 25-40% of starting count
  5. Break II: 1 day
     - Early exit window
     - Balance bonus per competitor from Duper team: $400
  6. Stage III: 2 days, 4 games per competitor
     - Ante per game: $1,500-2,500
       - Detailed amount announced after Break II based on remaining competitors’ balance distribution
     - 1 miss max allowed per competitor
     - Target competitor count after stage: ≤20% of starting count, and at least 5
  7. Break III: 1 day
     - Early exit window
     - If there are more than 5 remaining competitors after early exit, those not in top 5 can exit and take home their current balance without paying early exit penalty.
  8. Final match: 1 day, 1 game
     - Ante: $3,000-4,500
       - Detailed amount announced after Break III based on remaining competitors’ balance distribution
- Elimination
  - When a competitor is eliminated, their remaining balance rolls _pro rata_ to the final match prize pool.
  - There are two ways a competitor may be eliminated:
    1. The competitor has a lower balance than the minimum ante for the next game.
    2. The competitor has missed a greater number of games than allowed for in a particular stage.
- Early exit
  - At the beginning of each break before the balance bonus is distributed, each competitor has an opportunity to exit the tournament. Leaving early is discouraged, but the option offers competitors flexibility to take home the profit, stop loss, or discontinue on the tournament for whatever other reason.
  - Early exit penalty: 20% of balance. Rolls _pro rata_ to final match prize pool.
- Top up
  - At any point before being eliminated, a competitor has an opportunity to top up more ETH directly into their balance.
  - Each competitor can top up only once in the entire tournament.
  - Top up amount
    - During Stage I: minimum \$400, maximum \$800
    - During Stage II: minimum \$600, maximum \$1,200
    - During Stage III: minimum \$1,000, maximum \$2,000

## Betting Specs

TODO

## Additional Specs

- Tournament referral
  - Competitors who has purchased a ticket for \$300 can invite up to 2 people to participate (if you need more, let us know!). Eligible invitees are limited to people who have played fewer than 2 casual and ranked games in total before Season I.
    - Rationale: This is a separate and more targeted referral program than the [Duper Referral Program](../referral). It is intended to encourage Duper veterans to scout out one or two friends who are most likely to enjoy Duper, and to speed-prep them for the Duper Bowl.
  - The invitee gets 15\% discount on their tournament ticket. If the invitee wins one of the 3 final match prizes, the inviter gets an additional 30% of the prize won from the Duper team as sign of gratitude.
- The entire tournament will be streamed live from the perspectives of multiple competitors.

Commit message:

modifications to S1 Duper Bowl specs

pages/season-1/s1-duper-bowl.mdx, after:

# Season I Duper Bowl

The Duper Bowl is Duper's flagship official tournament series.

The first ever Duper Bowl takes place at the end of Season I. It is a 2-week-long elimination-based tournament with 3 elimination stages and 1 final match. \$50,000+ USD total prize pool for all participants.

[Insert prize pool marketing image]

## Tournament Specs

- Total prize pool: \$50,000+
  - \$40,000+ on the Duper team on final match prize pool and stage bonuses
  - The rest from entry tickets
- Final match prize pool structure
  - Top earner: \$10,000
  - Second earner: \$6,000
  - Winner: \$4,000
  - Note that this final match prize pool increases from eliminations and early exits.
  - Everyone in final match gets a Duper Virtual Bracelet, the first Duper NFT.
- Entry
  - Ticket: \$300
  - At the start of tournament, each competitor starts with the \$300 in their tournament balance.
- Basic rules
  - Total duration: 14 days
  - 2 games per day for every competitor, one at 7:30am PT, one at 9am PT, except break days.
  - Competitors must join each scheduled game window within 10 minutes from the start time; otherwise, it counts as a miss.
  - Matchmaking is predetermined by Duper team to match each competitor with as many opponents as possible. Specific matching is hidden until all games have started in each game window to prevent collusion.
  - Both pre-game bids and in-game raises are no limit, i.e. limited only by the competitor's balance.
  - Fairness for all is a top priority for the tournament. All [Community Rules](../community-rules) are in effect, and competitors are encouraged to report violations as soon as suspected. Violations of community rules, if validated by the Duper team, will result in immediate disqualification and forfeiture of balance.
  - Everyone who competes in the tournament gets ?????
- Schedule
  1. Commencement
     - Balance per competitor: $300
  2. Stage I: 4 days, 8 games per competitor
     - Ante per game: $100
     - 3 misses max allowed per competitor
     - Target competitor count after stage: 65-80% of starting count
  3. Break I: 1 day
     - Early exit window
     - Balance bonus per competitor from Duper team: $200
  4. Stage II: 3 days, 6 games per competitor
     - Ante per game: $400-700
       - Detailed amount announced after Break I based on remaining competitors’ balance distribution
     - 2 misses max allowed per competitor
     - Target competitor count after stage: 25-40% of starting count
  5. Break II: 1 day
     - Early exit window
     - Balance bonus per competitor from Duper team: $400
  6. Stage III: 2 days, 4 games per competitor
     - Ante per game: $1,500-2,500
       - Detailed amount announced after Break II based on remaining competitors’ balance distribution
     - 1 miss max allowed per competitor
     - Target competitor count after stage: ≤20% of starting count, and at least 5
  7. Break III: 1 day
     - Early exit window
     - If there are more than 5 remaining competitors after early exit, those not in top 5 can exit and take home their current balance without paying early exit penalty.
  8. Final match: 1 day, 1 game
     - Ante: $3,000-4,500
       - Detailed amount announced after Break III based on remaining competitors’ balance distribution
- Elimination
  - When a competitor is eliminated, their remaining balance rolls _pro rata_ to the final match prize pool.
  - There are two ways a competitor may be eliminated:
    1. The competitor has a lower balance than the minimum ante for the next game.
    2. The competitor has missed a greater number of games than allowed for in a particular stage.
- Early exit
  - At the beginning of each break before the balance bonus is distributed, each competitor has an opportunity to exit the tournament. Leaving early is discouraged, but the option offers competitors flexibility to take home the profit, stop loss, or discontinue on the tournament for whatever other reason.
  - Early exit penalty: 20% of balance. Rolls _pro rata_ to final match prize pool.
- Top up
  - At any point before being eliminated, a competitor has an opportunity to top up more ETH directly into their balance.
  - Each competitor can top up only once in the entire tournament.
  - Top up amount
    - During Stage I: minimum \$400, maximum \$800
    - During Stage II: minimum \$600, maximum \$1,200
    - During Stage III: minimum \$1,000, maximum \$2,000

## Additional Specs

- Tournament referral
  - Competitors who has purchased a ticket for \$300 can invite up to 2 people to participate (if you need more, let us know!). Eligible invitees are limited to people who have played fewer than 2 casual and ranked games in total before Season I.
    - Rationale: This is a separate and more targeted referral program than the [Duper Referral Program](../referral). It is intended to encourage Duper veterans to scout out one or two friends who are most likely to enjoy Duper, and to speed-prep them for the Duper Bowl.
  - The invitee gets 15\% discount on their tournament ticket. If the invitee wins one of the 3 final match prizes, the inviter gets an additional 30% of the prize won from the Duper team as sign of gratitude.
- Replays of every game in the tournament are made available to watch immediately after it ends.
- A few competitors will stream their games live throughout the tournament. If you're interested to do this, let us know!
