pages/community-rules.mdx, before:

# Community Rules

As the Duper team, we strive to provide a secure, fair and friendly playing environment for all of our players. In order to uphold these strict principles and the integrity of our games, Duper has created these Community Rules below.

### Rules for all game modes

1. You may not play with multiple accounts.
2. You may not abuse the in-game chat with spam, harmful, or explicit content.

### Rules for public game modes (i.e. Ranked and Casual)

1. While in a game, you must limit your communication to the in-game chat on the left of the game screen. Outside of the in-game chat, you may not share your in-game information (including your color identity) to others or coordinate in-game actions with others in the same game, especially for the sake of gaining advantage. Generally, you should only share in-game information after a game ends. If you wish to share information or coordinate actions externally during a game, for example when playing with friends, go to Custom mode.
2. Payouts must not be settled outside of game. Received payouts for a game by a player must reflect the gem distribution at the end of the game. This is to prevent self-sacrificial schemes to help a particular player win, which would be unfair to the other players.

Violations of the above rules may result in warning, reward slashing, or account suspension when detected, depending on the severity and intent of the violations.

If you encounter or suspect someone for violating the above rules, you may report them in game or in Duper’s Discord server by opening a support ticket and providing the necessary text explanation and screenshot. Responsible reporting will be rewarded, while spamming reporting may result in punishment similar to rule violation.

Hopefully these rules are self-evident. If you have questions about them, feel free to ask in Discord as well. In general, act in good faith, and have fun!

Commit message:

feat: contact info in community rules

pages/community-rules.mdx, after:

# Community Rules

As the Duper team, we strive to provide a secure, fair and friendly playing environment for all of our players. In order to uphold these strict principles and the integrity of our games, Duper has created these Community Rules below.

### Rules for all game modes

1. You may not play with multiple accounts.
2. You may not abuse the in-game chat with spam, harmful, or explicit content.
3. You may not ask others about their contact information.

### Rules for public game modes (i.e. Ranked and Casual)

1. While in a game, you must limit your communication to the in-game chat on the left of the game screen. Outside of the in-game chat, you may not share your in-game information (including your color identity) to others or coordinate in-game actions with others in the same game, especially for the sake of gaining advantage. Generally, you should only share in-game information after a game ends. If you wish to share information or coordinate actions externally during a game, for example when playing with friends, go to Custom mode.
2. Payouts must not be settled outside of game. Received payouts for a game by a player must reflect the gem distribution at the end of the game. This is to prevent self-sacrificial schemes to help a particular player win, which would be unfair to the other players.

Violations of the above rules may result in warning, reward slashing, or account suspension when detected, depending on the severity and intent of the violations.

If you encounter or suspect someone for violating the above rules, you may report them in game or in Duper’s Discord server by opening a support ticket and providing the necessary text explanation and screenshot. Responsible reporting will be rewarded, while spamming reporting may result in punishment similar to rule violation.

Hopefully these rules are self-evident. If you have questions about them, feel free to ask in Discord as well. In general, act in good faith, and have fun!
