pages/index.mdx, before:

# Quick Start

**<u>This is the only page you need before playing your first Duper session.</u>** Even though Duper has a lot of strategic depth, you can start playing with just a few key concepts.

### What is Duper?

Duper is an onchain wagering social war game, inspired by games like Poker, Into the Breach, and Diplomacy.

Each game session hosts 5 players and lasts ~40 minutes. Each player enters a game with real stake (currently 0.005 ETH minimum) in exchange for gems representing “equity”. Duper is NOT a winner-take-all game: When a game ends, only one player becomes the "settler", but the pot is divided based on how many settler's "equity" each player holds. _The settler may not be the biggest earner._

The most interesting element in Duper is the social diplomacy — secret alliances from resource exchanges, steaming conspiracies, and outright backstabbing are not only allowed, but _encouraged_, in Duper.

![Game Screenshot](../public/game.png)

### Getting Started

After finishing this page, go on the [official website](https://play.duper.gg), create an account, and try the Playground mode. Explore the actions first, then try to beat the AI. Don't be frustrated if you fail in the first few attempts — most people do!

After you've beaten the AI, play a Casual session with real players. This is without real money, so you can continue to practice your skills and observe how the social diplomacy plays out. When you're ready, transfer some Arbitrum ETH into your Privy wallet and deposit it into the game contract to play a Ranked session. Survive the lies ✦

Whenever you have questions about rules, come back and refer to the [Game Wiki](./wiki) up next.

### Game Elements

There’s a strategy game component (produce troops and buildings, expand territory, and fight) and a diplomacy game component (chatting and trading).

There’re 3 important resource types in Duper:

1. Gold: generated from capitals, level-3 tiles, and economists; used for production.
2. Card: given at beginning of rounds to each player; used for production.
3. Gem (like equity): minted by each player at game start and also if/when a player raises (add more stake); used to settle game payout.

### Session End and Payout

A session ends when a player either owns 12 tiles or collects a 5-card straight flush. That player is referred to as the "settler". The payouts are then settled in the following manner:

1. The settler takes out their total stake from the pot.
   - The settler is guaranteed not to lose money and is therefore usually in a good position to earn.
2. The remaining pot is divided in proportion to how many settler-minted gems each player owns.

Let’s say each player's stake is \$10 and the total pot is \$50. Alice becomes the settler by collecting a straight flush. Alice first takes out her stake of \$10 from the pot. If Bob owns 5 out of 10 Alice-minted gems, Bob then gets half of the remaining pot, equal to \$20. His net payout would be \$20 - \$10 = \$10.

### How to Earn

The key to earning is to maximize your gem ownership of the eventual settler’s gems. Generally it boils down to two things: Become the settler yourself through meeting one of the Settlement Conditions, or solicit plenty of other players' gems through trading, especially from those you think are in good position to become settler.

Still confused? Don't worry. Try the Playground and a few Casual games first. You'll get the hang of it soon.

### Tips for a newbie

1. Prioritize conquering barbarian tiles over player tiles, because you don’t get rewards conquering player tiles.
2. Mark your cards for sale so other players may trade cards with you. This is the most straightforward way you get their gems.
3. Form soft alliances with another player through owning each other’s minted gems.
4. If you ever feel stuck, you're not alone — Duper can take quite some effort to master. Feel free to ask for help in Discord or read the Wiki up next.

Commit message:

feat: an example game in Quick Start

pages/index.mdx, after:

# Quick Start

**<u>This is the only page you need before playing your first Duper session.</u>** Even though Duper has a lot of strategic depth, you can start playing with just a few key concepts.

### What is Duper?

Duper is an onchain wagering social war game, inspired by games like Poker, Into the Breach, and Diplomacy.

Each game session hosts 5 players and lasts ~40 minutes. Each player enters a game with real stake (currently 0.005 ETH minimum) in exchange for gems representing “equity”. Duper is NOT a winner-take-all game: When a game ends, only one player becomes the "settler", but the pot is divided based on how many settler's "equity" each player holds. _The settler may not be the biggest earner._

The most interesting element in Duper is the social diplomacy — secret alliances from resource exchanges, steaming conspiracies, and outright backstabbing are not only allowed, but _encouraged_, in Duper.

![Game Screenshot](../public/game.png)

### Getting Started

After finishing this page, go on the [official website](https://play.duper.gg), create an account, and try the Playground mode. Explore the actions first, then try to beat the AI. Don't be frustrated if you fail in the first few attempts — most people do!

After you've beaten the AI, play a Casual session with real players. This is without real money, so you can continue to practice your skills and observe how the social diplomacy plays out. When you're ready, transfer some Arbitrum ETH into your Privy wallet and deposit it into the game contract to play a Ranked session. Survive the lies ✦

Whenever you have questions about rules, come back and refer to the [Game Wiki](./wiki) up next.

### Game Elements

There’s a strategy game component (produce troops and buildings, expand territory, and fight) and a diplomacy game component (chatting and trading).

There’re 3 important resource types in Duper:

1. Gold: generated from capitals, level-3 tiles, and economists; used for production.
2. Card: given at beginning of rounds to each player; used for production.
3. Gem (like equity): minted by each player at game start and also if/when a player raises (add more stake); used to settle game payout.

### Session End and Payout

A session ends when a player either owns 12 tiles or collects a 5-card straight flush. That player is referred to as the "settler". The payouts are then settled in the following manner:

1. The settler takes out their total stake from the pot.
   - The settler is guaranteed not to lose money and is therefore usually in a good position to earn.
2. The remaining pot is divided in proportion to how many settler-minted gems each player owns.

Let’s say each player's stake is \$10 and the total pot is \$50. Alice becomes the settler by collecting a straight flush. Alice first takes out her stake of \$10 from the pot. If Bob owns 5 out of 10 Alice-minted gems, Bob then gets half of the remaining pot, equal to \$20. His net payout would be \$20 - \$10 = \$10.

### How to Earn

The key to earning is to maximize your gem ownership of the eventual settler’s gems. Generally it boils down to two things: Become the settler yourself through meeting one of the Settlement Conditions, or solicit plenty of other players' gems through trading, especially from those you think are in good position to become settler.

Still confused? Don't worry. Try the Playground and a few Casual games first. You'll get the hang of it soon.

### An Example Game

Alice, Bob, Cindy, David, and Eve enter a game. Alice trades cards with Bob frequently, so Bob owns lots of Alice's gems and decides to help her settle. Cindy and David accumulate each other's gems through gem swaps, so they're in a soft alliance. Eve is a lone wolf.

To help Alice settle, Bob starts to prematurely attack Cindy and David, resulting in heavy losses on both sides. In the meantime, Alice expands her territory and increases her gold production by upgrading her capital and acqquiring a few Level-3 tiles. Eve suspects correctly that Bob is the biggest shareholder of Alice's gems and thus makes a great target, so she cozies up to Bob. Bob believes Eve and, having consumed all his gold, ignores defense on their mutual borders. Upon gaining a plane, Eve launches two surprise attacks on Bob and eliminates him, becoming the biggest shareholder of Alice's gems. She then ramps up defense around her capital so nobody can attempt the same on her.

Cindy and David are weakened from their battles with Bob, so Alice is now by far the strongest player. Alice attacks on Cindy and finally becomes the settler by tile count. Eve earns the most because she got the most of Alice's gems. Alice also earns a little, because even though she has very few of her own gems left, she gets her stake back before the pot is divided. Cindy and David mostly break even because they each own just a few of Alice's gems. Bob loses all his stake because he got eliminated.

The game ends, and everyone is happy. Except Bob, who is salty and swears to take revenge in the next game and make it all back.

### Tips for a newbie

1. Prioritize conquering barbarian tiles over player tiles, because you don’t get rewards conquering player tiles.
2. Mark your cards for sale so other players may trade cards with you. This is the most straightforward way you get their gems.
3. Form soft alliances with another player through owning each other’s minted gems.
4. If you ever feel stuck, you're not alone — Duper can take quite some effort to master. Feel free to ask for help in Discord or read the Wiki up next.
