pages/modes.mdx, before:

# Game Modes

Besides the Playground mode for getting started, there are 3 game modes in Duper: Casual, Ranked, and Custom.

### Summary

| Mode       | Players        | Matchmaking | Entry Stake | Game Fee | Rewards | Open Hours |
| :--------- | :------------- | :---------- | :---------- | :------- | :------ | :--------- |
| Playground | 2 (you vs. AI) | -           | -           | -        | -       | Always     |
| Casual     | 5              | Random      | 100 Sparks  | -        | Normal  | Preset     |
| Ranked     | 5              | Random      | 0.005 ETH   | 5%       | High    | Preset     |
| Custom     | 5              | Invite-only | Custom      | 3%       | -       | Always     |

### Playground

A simplified mode where you 1v1 with an AI. It is meant for you to learn basic actions such as producing, attacking, and trading. Understandably, the strategic depth is quite shallow compared to games with real players. You can play Playground mode any number of times.

### Casual

Play with _Sparks_ against 4 other players found from random matchmaking. Sparks are the virtual wager for Casual mode, and the entry stake is 100 Sparks. Sparks are only transferred in payouts and cannot be transferred outside a game session. You can claim Sparks daily on the official website.

Currently, Casual mode is only open during preset game windows. Check the [official website](https://www.duper.gg) for the next game windows and book there if you'd like to play.

### Ranked

Play with real money against 4 other players found from random matchmaking. The current entry stake for a Ranked session is 0.005 ETH. There is a 5% game fee on the pot, the majority of which is distributed back to the community as rewards.

As the name entails, the top players of Ranked mode by revenue are ranked on the leaderboard. The majority of rewards are concentrated on Ranked mode players.

Like Casual mode above, Ranked mode is also only open during preset game windows. Check and book on the [official website](https://www.duper.gg).

### Custom

This is a mode for you to play with your friends. Set custom entry stake and invite specific people to play. The game fee is 3% in Custom games.

Commit message:

Season I update (#17)
* feat: add fort rules and worms in unit table

* small

* chore: add to readme

* feat: add sample patch notes

* patch 6-7

* econ conference description fix

* spelling mistake

* feat: updates

* research center

* capitalized

* fix: quit game stake back percentage

* fix: academies -> research centers

* style: 2 plane researcher clarification

* update

* update

* small things about XP

* grammer

* tank cannot toggle

* feat: everything before Season I

* chore: clean up

* feat: Season I

* feat: community rewards

* feat: community rules

* feat: remove changing referral feature

* chore: small

* chore: remove community rules

* chore: modifications

* small

* feat: onramp guide

* chore: middle player -> dealer

* feat: bidding for dealership

* chore: time window flexibility

* feat: combo reward simplification to 1 type, once 2 rounds

* chore: emblems description

* img: season I

* mini: adjustment

* feat: add back CR

* mini: season I

* feat: bidding stage update

* feat: update raise formula

* feat: update pioneer program

* feat: jackson feedback

* feat: raise cost

* feat: final update

---------

Co-authored-by: ModeoC <modeo.c1029@gmail.com>

pages/modes.mdx, after:

# Game Modes

There are 3 game modes in Duper: Ranked, Casual, and Custom. Ranked is the main mode. There is also a Playground mode for you to get started with.

### Summary

| Mode               | \# Players     | Matchmaking | Entry Stake             | Game Fee   | Rewards | Open Hours  |
| :----------------- | :------------- | :---------- | :---------------------- | :--------- | :------ | :---------- |
| Ranked (main mode) | 5              | Random      | 0.005 ETH               | 5%         | High    | See website |
| Casual             | 5              | Random      | 100 Sparks              | -          | Normal  | See website |
| Custom             | 5              | Invite-only | Custom ETH or 10 Sparks | 3% for ETH | -       | Always      |
| Playground         | 2 (you vs. AI) | -           | -                       | -          | -       | Always      |

### Ranked

Ranked mode is the main game mode of Duper. Play with real money against 4 other players found from random matchmaking. The current entry stake for a Ranked session is 0.005 ETH ($18 USD), but there will be opportunities to play higher-stake games during tournaments. There is a 5% game fee on the pot, the majority of which is distributed back to the community as rewards.

Ranked mode is only open during preset game windows. Register on the [game website](https://www.duper.gg) to participate.

### Casual

Casual mode is a more beginner-friendly game mode to get practice before playing Ranked. Play with _Sparks_ against 4 other players found from random matchmaking. Sparks are the virtual wager for Casual mode, and the entry stake is 100 Sparks. Sparks are only transferred in payouts and cannot be transferred outside a game session.

To get more Sparks, check out [Season I](/season-1) for ways to earn them.

Casual mode is also only open during preset game windows. Check out the [game website](https://www.duper.gg) for the next game windows.

### Custom

Custom mode is for you to play with people you know, like how you would play Poker at a friend's house. Set custom buy-in and invite specific people to play. The game fee is 3% in Custom games.

Custom mode is also used for private tournaments. More on this later.

### Playground

Playground is a simplified mode where you 1v1 with an AI. It is for you to learn basic actions such as producing, attacking, and trading. Understandably, the strategic depth is quite shallow compared to games with real players. You can play Playground any number of times.
