pages/season-1.mdx, before:

# Season I

Welcome to Duper Season I! The season has kicked off on August 6, 2024 and will run for 7 weeks. A fresh set of gameplay rewards are back, referral rewards are activated, and two valuable assets are introduced. There’s no better time to play Duper, invite friends, and earn rewards.

What's in Season I:
![Season I Overview](public/season-I.png "Season I Overview")

If you're new to Duper, read the [Quick Start](.) page first.

## Sparks

Sparks are an important Duper ecosystem currency alongside ETH. They are currently not transferrable.

- Earn Sparks by playing games, achieving quests, and inviting people.
- Spend Sparks to upgrade lootbox. More utility coming soon.
- Lifetime Sparks earned represents your contribution to the Duper ecosystem.

## Gameplay Rewards

Season I comes with official ETH and Sparks rewards from gameplay in addition to what you earn from games.

If you're new to Duper, start with Quests. If you've been playing for a bit, pay attention to leaderboard rewards, Season I Pass, and tournaments.

### Quests

Earn Sparks through completing quests. If you're new, quests are a great way to learn Duper while earning Sparks. Check out the details on the "Quests" tab of the game website.

### Leaderboards

Be among the Top 10 on all three 7-day leaderboards to claim additional rewards! Note that the gameplay leaderboards calculate your summed total payout, so both playing more games and achieving better results help with getting higher ranks.

Week 7 rewards (Cutoff: Sunday, Sep 22 at 11pm Pacific Time after Ranked window):

- Ranked leaderboard: \#1 -> 0.02 ETH and 400 Sparks, \#2 -> 0.015 ETH and 300 Sparks, \#3 -> 0.012 ETH and 240 Sparks, \#4-5 -> 0.008 ETH and 160 Sparks, \#6-10 -> 0.005 ETH and 100 Sparks, \#11-15 -> 0.003 ETH and 60 Sparks, \#16-20 -> 0.002 ETH and 40 Sparks.
- Casual leaderboard: \#1 -> 200 Sparks, \#2 -> 150 Sparks, \#3 -> 120 Sparks, \#4-5 -> 80 Sparks, \#6-10 -> 50 Sparks. \#11-15 -> 30 Sparks, \#16-20 → 20 Sparks.
- Referral leaderboard: \#1 -> 0.02 ETH and 400 Sparks, \#2 -> 0.015 ETH and 300 Sparks, \#3 -> 0.012 ETH and 240 Sparks, \#4-5 -> 0.008 ETH and 160 Sparks, \#6-10 -> 0.005 ETH and 100 Sparks, \#11-15 -> 0.003 ETH and 60 Sparks, \#16-20 -> 0.002 ETH and 40 Sparks.

Rewards are usually distributed within 48 hours after cutoff.

### Season I Pass

The Season I Pass is a great way to make money and earn Sparks for staying active in the season. Each Pass costs 0.05 ETH. As a Pass owner, you get ETH and Sparks at the following milestones:

- Ranked games only -> total 0.1 ETH (0.05 ETH cost-deducted profit) if completed
  - After 8 Ranked games -> 0.01 ETH
  - After 16 Ranked games -> 0.02 additional ETH
  - After 24 Ranked games -> 0.03 additional ETH
  - After 32 Ranked games -> 0.04 additional ETH and "Pass Perfectionist" badge of honor
- Ranked, Casual, or Custom games -> total 2000 Sparks if completed
  - After 8 games -> 200 Sparks
  - After 16 games -> 400 additional Sparks
  - After 24 games -> 600 additional Sparks
  - After 32 games -> 800 additional Sparks

The "Pass Perfectionist" honor, given only to players who complete all the milestones of the Season I Pass, will entitle you to a special Rare emblem that cannot be obtained in any other way, as well as guaranteed discount for the next season's pass.

Some context for the milestones: During Preseason, active players on average played 4 Ranked games a day, 2 days a week, and 4 weeks per month, which makes 32 games a month. Some played a lot more. Given Season I lasts 6 weeks, 32 games is a very attainable goal. Plus, you only need to play 24 games to earn from the Pass, not to mention the Sparks earned.

### Ranked Vouchers

A Ranked voucher acts as ETH credit for your next Ranked game. The value of a voucher never exceeds the buy-in for a Ranked game. Each voucher is valid for 1 week.

You may get vouchers via raffles in one of 2 ways:

1. When you have negative net payout (i.e. lose money) in a Ranked game.
2. When you have played lots of Casual games.

### Tournaments

The flagship tournament for Season I is coming soon. Stay tuned on X and/or the game website.

If you wish to run a private Duper tournament for your offline/online community, reach out to the team and we're happy to help coordinate and/or give some incentives.

## Lootboxes and Emblems

Season I reveals [Emblems](/assets/emblems), the first tradable utility asset in Duper. There are 4 tiers of Emblems: Common, Uncommon, Rare, and Legendary. The specific Emblems and their utility will be announced at the end of Season I.

Each account can claim up to 1 Lootbox. Each Lootbox opens up to an Emblem or Sparks. Lootboxes are not transferrable. Lootboxes can be opened at the end of Season I as Emblems are revealed.

1. A level 1 Lootbox opens up to Sparks or at most a Common Emblem. Hence, it is meant to be a free-to-play lootbox without supply limit.
2. A level 2 guarantees a Common Emblem.
3. A level 3 guarantees an Uncommon Emblem.
4. A level 4 guarantees a Rare Emblem.

To claim your Lootbox,

- Link X and repost the Season I tweet
- Link Discord and join Duper server
- Win in Playground

Upgrading your Lootbox has the following Sparks costs:

- Level 1 -> 2: 1200 Sparks
- Level 2 -> 3: 3200 Sparks
- Level 3 -> 4: 4000 Sparks

## Referral Rewards

The [Duper Referral Program](/referral) is in effect as Season I starts. It's a separate, persistent campaign that won't end with the season. Onboard people and earn massive rewards if they become active Duper players. Read more on the program page.

## Pioneer Program

If you’re an active Duper player, we highly encourage you to make content that will help others discover Duper and improve gameplay, and we will appreciate you for doing so. Duper Pioneer roles will be assigned every few weeks for active players making high-quality content. The Pioneer role comes with privileges including exclusive alpha, badges on Duper profile, and special priority of the team’s time and energy. The best content may also be featured on the official website, X, and Discord.

Examples of content include, but are not limited to:

- Game videos and streams on X, YouTube, and/or Twitch
- Strategy posts and threads on X, Discord and/or Reddit
- “Office Hour” Custom games with new players in Discord voice
- Thorough responses to player questions in Discord

You may notice the slight overlap between the [referral program](/referral) and the Pioneer program. That is because we wish to reward people who go above and beyond contributing to the ecosystem, whether it's bringing new people, helping existing players improve, or both.

Commit message:

feat: update season 1, duper bowl

pages/season-1.mdx, after:

# Season I

Duper Season I ran from August 6, 2024 to Sep 23, 2024 (6 weeks). Below is the Season I program:

---

A fresh set of gameplay rewards are back, referral rewards are activated, and two valuable assets are introduced. There’s no better time to play Duper, invite friends, and earn rewards.

What's in Season I:
![Season I Overview](public/season-I.png "Season I Overview")

If you're new to Duper, read the [Quick Start](.) page first.

## Sparks

Sparks are an important Duper ecosystem currency alongside ETH. They are currently not transferrable.

- Earn Sparks by playing games, achieving quests, and inviting people.
- Spend Sparks to upgrade lootbox. More utility coming soon.
- Lifetime Sparks earned represents your contribution to the Duper ecosystem.

## Gameplay Rewards

Season I comes with official ETH and Sparks rewards from gameplay in addition to what you earn from games.

If you're new to Duper, start with Quests. If you've been playing for a bit, pay attention to leaderboard rewards, Season I Pass, and tournaments.

### Quests

Earn Sparks through completing quests. If you're new, quests are a great way to learn Duper while earning Sparks. Check out the details on the "Quests" tab of the game website.

### Leaderboards

Be among the Top 10 on all three 7-day leaderboards to claim additional rewards! Note that the gameplay leaderboards calculate your summed total payout, so both playing more games and achieving better results help with getting higher ranks.

Rewards are usually distributed within 48 hours after cutoff.

### Season I Pass

The Season I Pass is a great way to make money and earn Sparks for staying active in the season. Each Pass costs 0.05 ETH. As a Pass owner, you get ETH and Sparks at the following milestones:

- Ranked games only -> total 0.1 ETH (0.05 ETH cost-deducted profit) if completed
  - After 8 Ranked games -> 0.01 ETH
  - After 16 Ranked games -> 0.02 additional ETH
  - After 24 Ranked games -> 0.03 additional ETH
  - After 32 Ranked games -> 0.04 additional ETH and "Pass Perfectionist" badge of honor
- Ranked, Casual, or Custom games -> total 2000 Sparks if completed
  - After 8 games -> 200 Sparks
  - After 16 games -> 400 additional Sparks
  - After 24 games -> 600 additional Sparks
  - After 32 games -> 800 additional Sparks

The "Pass Perfectionist" honor, given only to players who complete all the milestones of the Season I Pass, will entitle you to a special Rare emblem that cannot be obtained in any other way, as well as guaranteed discount for the next season's pass.

Some context for the milestones: During Preseason, active players on average played 4 Ranked games a day, 2 days a week, and 4 weeks per month, which makes 32 games a month. Some played a lot more. Given Season I lasts 6 weeks, 32 games is a very attainable goal. Plus, you only need to play 24 games to earn from the Pass, not to mention the Sparks earned.

### Ranked Vouchers

A Ranked voucher acts as ETH credit for your next Ranked game. The value of a voucher never exceeds the buy-in for a Ranked game. Each voucher is valid for 1 week.

You may get vouchers via raffles in one of 2 ways:

1. When you have negative net payout (i.e. lose money) in a Ranked game.
2. When you have played lots of Casual games.

### Tournaments

Check out the S1 Duper Bowl page for more details about the main tournament of Season I.

If you wish to run a private Duper tournament for your offline/online community, reach out to the team and we're happy to help coordinate and/or give some incentives.

## Lootboxes and Emblems

Season I reveals [Emblems](/assets/emblems), the first tradable utility asset in Duper. There are 4 tiers of Emblems: Common, Uncommon, Rare, and Legendary. The specific Emblems and their utility will be announced at the end of Season I.

Each account can claim up to 1 Lootbox. Each Lootbox opens up to an Emblem or Sparks. Lootboxes are not transferrable. Lootboxes can be opened at the end of Season I as Emblems are revealed.

1. A level 1 Lootbox opens up to Sparks or at most a Common Emblem. Hence, it is meant to be a free-to-play lootbox without supply limit.
2. A level 2 guarantees a Common Emblem.
3. A level 3 guarantees an Uncommon Emblem.
4. A level 4 guarantees a Rare Emblem.

To claim your Lootbox,

- Link X and repost the Season I tweet
- Link Discord and join Duper server
- Win in Playground

Upgrading your Lootbox has the following Sparks costs:

- Level 1 -> 2: 1200 Sparks
- Level 2 -> 3: 3200 Sparks
- Level 3 -> 4: 4000 Sparks

## Referral Rewards

The [Duper Referral Program](/referral) is in effect as Season I starts. It's a separate, persistent campaign that won't end with the season. Onboard people and earn massive rewards if they become active Duper players. Read more on the program page.

## Pioneer Program

If you’re an active Duper player, we highly encourage you to make content that will help others discover Duper and improve gameplay, and we will appreciate you for doing so. Duper Pioneer roles will be assigned every few weeks for active players making high-quality content. The Pioneer role comes with privileges including exclusive alpha, badges on Duper profile, and special priority of the team’s time and energy. The best content may also be featured on the official website, X, and Discord.

Examples of content include, but are not limited to:

- Game videos and streams on X, YouTube, and/or Twitch
- Strategy posts and threads on X, Discord and/or Reddit
- “Office Hour” Custom games with new players in Discord voice
- Thorough responses to player questions in Discord

You may notice the slight overlap between the [referral program](/referral) and the Pioneer program. That is because we wish to reward people who go above and beyond contributing to the ecosystem, whether it's bringing new people, helping existing players improve, or both.
