pages/season-2.mdx, before:

# Season II

Season II starts on Monday, October 7, 2024 and will run for 6 weeks. The game reaches a new level of quality, new rewards are introduced, and you can now sell Sparks for money and bet them on players! Read below for details.

What hasn't changed? The core gameplay of Duper remains the same, and the [referral](./referral.mdx) program is as lucrative as it has been. If you're new to Duper, read the [Quick Start](.) first.

## 🃏 Game Upgrades

As in every season, Duper comes with a big game upgrade in Season II, including many long-requested features by the community. Some highlights:

- New models for the dealer camp
- New look for in-game cards
- Across-the-board animation and special effect upgrades
- Battle and raise logs
- Chess notation for battlefield
- Player card count including hidden cards (practically to nerf the surprise element of Straight Flush Victory)
- Chat translation to different languages

Check out the #patchnotes channel in Duper's [Discord](https://www.discord.gg/duper) for details.

## 🎫 Season Passes

Season II introduces two new season passes: Level 1 Season Pass and Level 2 Season Pass. Having a Season Pass activates your Duper account forever, allowing you to earn Sparks from games and quests as well as to sell them for profit if you wish.

The Level 1 Season Pass is a great place to start for Casual games and completing quests. The Level 2 Season Pass provides extra ETH rewards for Ranked gameplay.

- Before Season Pass purchase
  - Start with 100 Sparks, but balance does not change
  - Can only complete Beginner Journey quests, Sparks tallied after purchase
  - Can buy but not sell Sparks
  - Cannot raise in games
- Level 1 Season Pass
  - Price: 0.01 ETH (\~$26)
    - Current player price: 0.009 ETH (10\% discount).
    - Referral price: 0.009 ETH (10\% discount).
  - Benefits effective in Season II
    - All quests and weekly claims unlocked (total 7,600 Sparks if completed)
  - Duper account activation, effective forever
    - Can sell Sparks
    - Can raise in games
    - Can earn/lose Sparks in games
    - Can purchase Ranked vouchers using Sparks
- Level 2 Season Pass
  - Price: 0.05 ETH (\~$130)
    - Current player price: 0.045 ETH (10\% discount).
    - Referral price: 0.045 ETH (10\% discount).
    - If the player has the Level 1 Season Pass, the price of the Level 1 Pass is deducted from that of the Level 2 Pass.
  - Benefits effective in Season II
    - Reward milestones:
        - 10 ranked games: 0.025 ETH
        - 20 ranked games: 0.02 ETH
        - 30 ranked games: 0.015 ETH
        - 40 ranked games: 0.01 ETH
        - Total: 0.07 ETH (at least 0.02 ETH profit if completed)
  - Includes all benefits from Level 1 Season Pass

Note: "Current player price" applies to everyone who has played at least one game of any mode by the end of Season I. "Referral price" applies to everyone who is invited in Season II.

## 💥 Sparks Buy & Sell

[Sparks](./sparks.mdx) are the primary Duper ecosystem currency alongside ETH.

Starting in Season II, you can sell Sparks back to the store given that your account is activated. This allows you to translate earning in Casual mode directly to real money income. Sparks buying and selling are done in batches of 1,600 Sparks.

- Buy price: 1,600 Sparks for 0.0067 ETH (\~$17.6)
- Sell price: 1,600 Sparks for 0.0055 ETH (\~$14.4)
  - Each sell needs to be verified by the Duper team for potential collusion (see [Community Rules](./community-rules.mdx)), taking up to 3 days.
  - Each player can sell up to 8,000 Sparks per season. If you have purchased Sparks this season, the limit is raised by whatever amount you have purchased.

## 🏷️ Ranked Vouchers

A Ranked voucher serves as a ticket to play a Ranked game, equivalent in value to 0.005 ETH. You can buy them using Sparks from the store.

- Can be purchased once per week
- Price: 1,300 Sparks
- Can only be purchased if you have a Season Pass of either level
- Each voucher expires after 1 week if not used

## 🧗 Quests & Weekly Claims

A total of 7,600 Sparks can be earned from new quests and weekly claims in Season II. They are unlocked after purchasing the Season Pass of either level.

- Weekly Claims (total 2,000 Sparks)
  - Weekly 1: 1,000 Sparks
  - \>1 week later: 500 Sparks
  - \>1 week later: 500 Sparks
- Quests (total 5,600 Sparks)
  - Beginner Journey: 270 Sparks
    - This is the only quest category that can count before buying a Season Pass, though they're tallied after the purchase.
  - Clown Pack: 2,000 Sparks
  - Challenger Pack: 3,600 Sparks

Check out the Quest tab on the Duper website for details on quests.

## 🧧 Weekly Townhall & Sparks Betting

During [Season I Duper Bowl](./past/season-1/s1-duper-bowl-betting.mdx), a whopping 200,000 Sparks were wagered on competitors in 3 intense rounds of betting. In Season II, we're combining higher-stake games and player betting with the existing cadence of Wednesday townhalls. Each townhall will host 1-2 high-stakes games where speculators can bet Sparks on players for potential earning.

- Townhall time: Every Wednesday 7-9am PT (may change after US daylight saving time ends)
- Tentative game ante: 0.025 ETH (\~$65)
- Procedure
  - Players register for townhall games until 2 days before, i.e. by Monday 7am PT, by staking 0.005 ETH. The staked amount is returned if the player shows up.
  - If there are between 6-9 signups, those who haven't played in townhall games will be prioritized, and the others will act as substitutes. If there are more than 10 signups, there may be more than 1 concurrent tables.
  - Once all players are fixed, speculators place Sparks bets on players until townhall.
  - The 5 selected players play 2 matches consecutively during townhall. The matches will be streamed and commentated by other Duper players.
  - Once the games are over, the Sparks are distributed based on the results.
- Betting details
  - No limit on the amount of Sparks to bet.
  - Players take 5\% of the total Sparks bet on them. Another 5\% goes to the Duper treasury.
  - Sparks bet on players who don't show up are returned to the bettors.
  - The rest of the Sparks are distributed proportionally based on the earning players' earn percentage. Here's an example:
    | Player      | Net Payout Across 2 Games (ETH) | Total Wagered on Player (Sparks) |
    | :---------- | :----------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
    | A |               +0.05                | 2,000 |
    | B |               +0.04                | 4,000 |
    | C |               0                | 1,000 |
    | D |               -0.09                | 1,000 |
    | X |              0                |    0 |
    | E |       didn't show up               | 1,000 |
    |   |    | Total: 9,000 |
    
    In this case, 9,000 total Sparks are wagered. 1,000 is returned to E's bettors because E didn't show up. Out of the remaining 8,000, 400 is distributed among the players, and another 400 to Duper treasury. A and B's bettors split a total of 7,200 Sparks. A's bettors get 0.05/(0.05+0.04)*7,200 = 4,000 Sparks, and B's bettors get 3,200 Sparks. In other words, A's bettors get 4,000/2,000 = 2x return, and B's bettors get 3,200/4,000 = 0.8x return.

## 🥣 Season II Duper Bowl

Like [Season I Duper Bowl](./past/season-1/s1-duper-bowl.mdx) where players split a \$10,000 total prize pool, there will be a Duper Bowl at the end of Season II. Get good during the season to compete for massive prizes. Details will be announced by the 3rd week of Season II.

Commit message:

feat: update leaderboards and other stuff

pages/season-2.mdx, after:

# Season II

Season II starts on Monday, October 7, 2024 and will run for 6 weeks. The game reaches a new level of quality, new rewards are introduced, and you can now sell Sparks for money and bet them on players! Read below for details.

What hasn't changed? The core gameplay of Duper remains the same, and the [referral](./referral.mdx) program is as lucrative as it has been. If you're new to Duper, read the [Quick Start](.) first.

## 🃏 Game Upgrades

As in every season, Duper comes with a big game upgrade in Season II, including many long-requested features by the community. Some highlights:

- New models for the dealer camp
- New look for in-game cards
- Across-the-board animation and special effect upgrades
- Battle and raise logs
- Chess notation for battlefield
- Player card count including hidden cards (practically to nerf the surprise element of Straight Flush Victory)
- Chat translation to different languages

Check out the #patchnotes channel in Duper's [Discord](https://www.discord.gg/duper) for details.

## 🎫 Season Passes

Season II introduces two new season passes: Level 1 Season Pass and Level 2 Season Pass. Having a Season Pass activates your Duper account forever, allowing you to earn Sparks from games and quests as well as to sell them for profit if you wish.

The Level 1 Season Pass is a great place to start for Casual games and completing quests. The Level 2 Season Pass provides extra ETH rewards for Ranked gameplay.

- Before Season Pass purchase
  - Start with 100 Sparks, but balance does not change
  - Can only complete Beginner Journey quests, Sparks tallied after purchase
  - Can buy but not sell Sparks
  - Cannot raise in games
- Level 1 Season Pass
  - Price: 0.01 ETH (\~$26)
    - Current player price: 0.009 ETH (10\% discount).
    - Referral price: 0.009 ETH (10\% discount).
  - Benefits effective in Season II
    - All quests and weekly claims unlocked (total 7,600 Sparks if completed)
  - Duper account activation, effective forever
    - Can sell Sparks
    - Can raise in games
    - Can earn/lose Sparks in games
    - Can purchase Ranked vouchers using Sparks
- Level 2 Season Pass
  - Price: 0.05 ETH (\~$130)
    - Current player price: 0.045 ETH (10\% discount).
    - Referral price: 0.045 ETH (10\% discount).
    - If the player has the Level 1 Season Pass, the price of the Level 1 Pass is deducted from that of the Level 2 Pass.
  - Benefits effective in Season II
    - Reward milestones:
        - 10 ranked games: 0.025 ETH
        - 20 ranked games: 0.02 ETH
        - 30 ranked games: 0.015 ETH
        - 40 ranked games: 0.01 ETH
        - Total: 0.07 ETH (at least 0.02 ETH profit if completed)
  - Includes all benefits from Level 1 Season Pass

Note: "Current player price" applies to everyone who has played at least one game of any mode by the end of Season I. "Referral price" applies to everyone who is invited in Season II.

## 💥 Sparks Buy & Sell

[Sparks](./sparks.mdx) are the primary Duper ecosystem currency alongside ETH.

Starting in Season II, you can sell Sparks back to the store given that your account is activated. This allows you to translate earning in Casual mode directly to real money income. Sparks buying and selling are done in batches of 1,600 Sparks.

- Buy price: 1,600 Sparks for 0.0067 ETH (\~$17.6)
- Sell price: 1,600 Sparks for 0.0055 ETH (\~$14.4)
  - Each sell needs to be verified by the Duper team for potential collusion (see [Community Rules](./community-rules.mdx)), taking up to 3 days.
  - Each player can sell up to 8,000 Sparks per season. If you have purchased Sparks this season, the limit is raised by whatever amount you have purchased.

## 🏷️ Ranked Vouchers

A Ranked voucher serves as a ticket to play a Ranked game, equivalent in value to 0.005 ETH. You can buy them using Sparks from the store.

- Can be purchased once per week
- Price: 1,300 Sparks
- Can only be purchased if you have a Season Pass of either level
- Each voucher expires after 1 week if not used

## 🧗 Quests & Weekly Claims

A total of 7,600 Sparks can be earned from new quests and weekly claims in Season II. They are unlocked after purchasing the Season Pass of either level.

- Weekly Claims (total 2,000 Sparks)
  - Weekly 1: 1,000 Sparks
  - \>1 week later: 500 Sparks
  - \>1 week later: 500 Sparks
- Quests (total 5,600 Sparks)
  - Beginner Journey: 270 Sparks
    - This is the only quest category that can count before buying a Season Pass, though they're tallied after the purchase.
  - Clown Pack: 2,000 Sparks
  - Challenger Pack: 3,600 Sparks

Check out the Quest tab on the Duper website for details on quests.

## 🧧 Weekly Townhall & Sparks Betting

During [Season I Duper Bowl](./past/season-1/s1-duper-bowl-betting.mdx), a whopping 200,000 Sparks were wagered on competitors in 3 intense rounds of betting. In Season II, we're combining higher-stake games and player betting with the existing cadence of Wednesday townhalls. Each townhall will host 1-2 high-stakes games where speculators can bet Sparks on players for potential earning.

- Townhall time: Every Wednesday 7-9am PT (may change after US daylight saving time ends)
- Tentative game ante: 0.025 ETH (\~$65)
- Procedure
  - Players register for townhall games until 2 days before, i.e. by Monday 7am PT, by staking 0.005 ETH. The staked amount is returned if the player shows up.
  - If there are between 6-9 signups, those who haven't played in townhall games will be prioritized, and the others will act as substitutes. If there are more than 10 signups, there may be more than 1 concurrent tables.
  - Once all players are fixed, speculators place Sparks bets on players until townhall.
  - The 5 selected players play 2 matches consecutively during townhall. The matches will be streamed and commentated by other Duper players.
  - Once the games are over, the Sparks are distributed based on the results.
- Betting details
  - No limit on the amount of Sparks to bet.
  - Players take 5\% of the total Sparks bet on them. Another 5\% goes to the Duper treasury.
  - Sparks bet on players who don't show up are returned to the bettors.
  - The rest of the Sparks are distributed proportionally based on the earning players' earn percentage. Here's an example:
    | Player      | Net Payout Across 2 Games (ETH) | Total Wagered on Player (Sparks) |
    | :---------- | :----------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
    | A |               +0.05                | 2,000 |
    | B |               +0.04                | 4,000 |
    | C |               0                | 1,000 |
    | D |               -0.09                | 1,000 |
    | X |              0                |    0 |
    | E |       didn't show up               | 1,000 |
    |   |    | Total: 9,000 |
    
    In this case, 9,000 total Sparks are wagered. 1,000 is returned to E's bettors because E didn't show up. Out of the remaining 8,000, 400 is distributed among the players, and another 400 to Duper treasury. A and B's bettors split a total of 7,200 Sparks. A's bettors get 0.05/(0.05+0.04)*7,200 = 4,000 Sparks, and B's bettors get 3,200 Sparks. In other words, A's bettors get 4,000/2,000 = 2x return, and B's bettors get 3,200/4,000 = 0.8x return.

## 📊 Leaderboards

Be among the top 5, 10, or 20 on the seasonal ranked and casual leaderboard to unlock additional rewards and benefits, such as free extra lootboxes. More details will be announced mid-Season II.

Note that the gameplay leaderboards calculate your summed total payout, so both playing more games and achieving better results help with getting higher ranks.

## 🏆 Season II Duper Bowl

Like [Season I Duper Bowl](./past/season-1/s1-duper-bowl.mdx) where players split a \$10,000 total prize pool, there will be a Duper Bowl at the end of Season II. Get good during the season to compete for massive prizes. Details will be announced mid-Season II.
