pages/wiki/terminology.mdx, before:

# Terminology

- Duper has two principal components, which we shall refer to as the **_map_** and the **_chat_**.
- A **_tile_** is the main spacial unit of Duper. The **_map_** has 37 tiles in total. A tile may be owned by a player. Two tiles are **_adjacent_** if and only if they share an edge.
- Each of the 5 players start with a **_capital_** on a fixed tile. The player whose capital is at the center of the map is referred to as the **_dealer_**.
- There are opportunities for players to **_raise_** during the session.
- A **_round_** is the main temporal unit of Duper. Within each round, players have their **_turns_** in sequence starting from the dealer. A player may only attack during their own turn, but may perform any other action outside of their turn.
- Tiles may host **_units_**, the umbrella term for **_troops_** and **_buildings_**. At any given time, each tile can host at most 1 class of **_air troop_**, 1 class of **_ground troop_**, and 1 building.
- Buildings except the capital may train **_talents_**.
- The main production resources in Duper are **_gold_** (fungible) and **_cards_** (non-fungible). The main diplomatic resource is **_gems_** (semi-fungible).
- Card combos used in production may later trigger **_combo rewards_**.
- The chat is composed of 4 private **_channels_** with the other 4 players. Resources flow between players through **_trades_** that get proposed and accepted in those channels.
- When a player meets a **_victory condition_**, the session ends and the pot is divided as payouts to the players.

Commit message:

Season I update (#17)
* feat: add fort rules and worms in unit table

* small

* chore: add to readme

* feat: add sample patch notes

* patch 6-7

* econ conference description fix

* spelling mistake

* feat: updates

* research center

* capitalized

* fix: quit game stake back percentage

* fix: academies -> research centers

* style: 2 plane researcher clarification

* update

* update

* small things about XP

* grammer

* tank cannot toggle

* feat: everything before Season I

* chore: clean up

* feat: Season I

* feat: community rewards

* feat: community rules

* feat: remove changing referral feature

* chore: small

* chore: remove community rules

* chore: modifications

* small

* feat: onramp guide

* chore: middle player -> dealer

* feat: bidding for dealership

* chore: time window flexibility

* feat: combo reward simplification to 1 type, once 2 rounds

* chore: emblems description

* img: season I

* mini: adjustment

* feat: add back CR

* mini: season I

* feat: bidding stage update

* feat: update raise formula

* feat: update pioneer program

* feat: jackson feedback

* feat: raise cost

* feat: final update

---------

Co-authored-by: ModeoC <modeo.c1029@gmail.com>

pages/wiki/terminology.mdx, after:

# Terminology

- Duper has two principal components, which we shall refer to as the **_map_** and the **_chat_**.
- A **_tile_** is the main spacial unit of Duper. The **_map_** has 37 tiles in total. A tile may be owned by a player. Two tiles are **_adjacent_** if they share an edge.
- Each of the 5 players start with a **_capital_** on a fixed tile. The middle player is always the player who has the earliest turn order, and is referred to as the **_dealer_**.
- There are opportunities for players to **_raise_** during the session.
- A **_round_** is the main temporal unit of Duper. Within each round, players have their **_turns_** in sequence starting from the dealer. A player may attack only during their own turn, but may perform any other action (e.g. trading, production, movement) outside of their turn.
- Tiles may host **_units_**, the umbrella term for **_troops_** and **_buildings_**. At any given time, each tile can host at most 1 class of **_air troop_**, 1 class of **_ground troop_**, and 1 building.
- Research centers train **_talents_** which unlock special abilities.
- The main production resources in Duper are **_gold_** (fungible) and **_cards_** (non-fungible). The main diplomatic resource is **_gems_** (semi-fungible).
- Card combos used in production may later trigger **_combo rewards_**.
- For each player, the chat is composed of 4 private **_channels_** with the other 4 players. Resources flow between players through **_trades_** that get proposed and accepted in those channels.
- When a player meets a **_victory condition_**, the session ends and the pot is divided as payouts to the players based on gem ownership.
